This is Henry Green, a very old ballad, sung by May Kennedy McCord, June the 5th, 1939.
Come listen to my tragedy, both people young and old.
I'll tell to you a story that will make your blood run cold.
Here's of a fair young damsel, Miss Wyatt was her name.
She was poisoned by her husband and he died for the same.
This lady, she was beautiful and of a high degree.
Young Henry Green was wealthy, as you can plainly see.
Says he, my darling Mary, if you will be my wife, I'll guard you and protect you throughout this weary life.
Young Mary, believing all was well, straightway became his wife.
Oh, little did she think, poor girl, that he would take her life.
Little did she think, poor girl, no little did suspect that he would take the life from her he had sworn to protect.
They hadn't been married scarcely three weeks till she was taken ill.
Great doctors they were sent for to try their power and skill.
Great doctors they were sent for to try her life to save.
It was pronounced by many she must go to her grave.
Her father a-hearing of these strange things, straightway to her did go.
Saying, daughter, dear, you're dying, the doctors tell me so.
Saying, daughter, dear, you're dying, your life they cannot save.
It is pronounced by many, you must go through your grave.
Young Henry Green was apprehended and put into the jail.
There to await his trial for none could go his bail.
There to await his trial for the murder of his wife.
And on the cruel gallows they took young Henry's life.